Section 1

candy Ingredients offer you numerous ingrdients to make any type of dream wedding
cake with any number of tiers can be done at an affordable price.

Candy Ingridents got the finest ingredients to prepare wide varieties of deleicous seasonal cakes and birthday cakes.

Are you in need of ingredients to make mouth watering faluda or ice creams, candy ingredients can help you with that too.

Section 2

 We are one of the reknown cake ingredients makers in sri lanka for than two decades. 
Our factory at koswatta road, kadawatha is placed in a 1000 sq area with high tech machinery where more than dozen of employess
work to bring out the best fresh products to make the finest cakes and desserts in sri lanka.
why go anywhere when you can get fresh made cake ingreidents  at candy ingredients.

section 3

Very friendly staff. You can buy all the cake and dessert ingredients. Even if they don't have they will
arrange ot some how. .with a big parking are in a colombo suburb candy ingrdients is highly recommended. Good place to shop.\

Viraj Perera

With the new stores, it is highly recommended for shoppers . The prices are affordable when buying in bulk .
The staff is very good they help to load the groceries to your vehicle . Anyone around the town of kadawatha should visit 

Hariharan Vasudevan

wholesaler
Want to get cake ingredients in bulk. we offer unbeatable prices for bulk  buyers.

qulaiyt.
with the primary tools and skilled employees we make the high grade products for your cakes.

brand.
candy ingrdients product is a brand that is producing top product for over 2 decades.

experience.

we are one of the most experienced cake proudct makers in the island with more than 20 years of experience in this field with clients all around the sri lanka.

afforable.

why pay extra when you get premium range of prouducts from us for unbeatable prices.

original.

100% sri lankan and 100% made in sri lanka with love and convection.


